I'm not sure.
Jeffrey how are you?
You are unfortunately number two.
How are the duck wins the cash today?
Unfortunately, Jeff, I can't help you there.
My harder next time.
How are the duck was first according to my screen?
How are the duck?
I'm trying to get the latest note.
This is essentially a worst-case scenario.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us
that we're dealing with essentially a worst-case scenario.
Mark had another good one.
Make sure you're following this guy.
He's got a lot of channels.
You've got to be studious.
Maybe just go to his website, you know, bookmarked that.
There is no hate in this stream, my friend.
Welcome from San Diego.
There is no hate in this stream.
I think it's good for kids.
We're so busy lying.
We don't even recognize the truth no more in this society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
This episode is sponsored by Moink.
That's Mo plus Moink.
My point is that if we were able to, just like we're trying to get everybody to take the vaccine,
if we had put that into getting everybody to take hypermectin and fluvoxamine for a month,
and if we could accomplish that, then COVID would be wiped out.
We could do it.
Actually any municipality that could regulate its borders could clear the disease if you could accomplish that goal.
I believe.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie, you know.
I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
Not really much outside today for birds.
It's the middle of the afternoon, so it's a little hot.
Missed the morning.
I want to try and do a morning show, but I don't know.
It's a big commitment.
Once I say I'm going to do a morning show, I better be doing a morning show.
Dr. Salk was really our friend.
He definitely was.
Dr. Salk's a great guy.
Seems like a great guy.
Whatever Mark found, you know, what's her name?
That more lady?
I think she was a housekeeper for Kissinger.
I think she had like houses next door to him or houses down the street from him all over the place.
I think it's because he was, that was his housekeeper or something.
I guess you got to see Mark stream to know what Alice Moore actually did.
I think she was Kissinger's housekeeper.
You have to check it out.
The rules.
Protect yourself at all times.
Follow my instructions.
Keep it clean.
Touch gloves if you wish.
Let's do it.
Sweaty bombs.
This is so crazy.
Like these bombs.
I feel so nervous.
Like what in the world, man?
Hey, Albert.
Please make sure you watch Mark's Salk History episode from this morning.
It is definitely worth your time.
I wanted to do a short video stream or a short broadcast about a couple videos I found.
Number one, I wanted to substantiate the small print that I'm using on one of my slides with regard to Medicare and Medicaid costs being saved
as a result of the pandemic.
And so I want to address that.
And then staying focused on the biology, not taking the bait on social media and loving your neighbor.
I thought it would be a good idea to take a look at this guy named Alex Berenson, who I think was kind of, you know, he was elevated through censorship.
He was elevated by being allowed to complain about censorship, whereas people like Mark and myself are censored and we're not allowed to complain.
We're not asked to complain about it.
In fact, nobody considers any of the sacrifices that we've made, even worth mentioning.
And so it's really quite striking that our growth is so linear and it comes down to every one of you taking the time to after you watch this stream to actually grab the link.
Share it and put it on Twitter or put it on Facebook or put it wherever you put things because that's how this works.
It's the only way that this can work is by actual human overriding the algorithm.
Otherwise, no one will ever see me.
And no matter how many loyal supporters I have that make this possible that put the sandwiches in my kids lunchbox, it doesn't matter because the word won't get around.
The biology needs to find new folks.
And so besides sharing the stream, you can also share giggleembiological.com because it's kind of a little hub of ways to find out what I did and what I'm doing and what we're doing, what we're trying to accomplish, where we're putting this stuff.
We shouldn't be on YouTube right now, but we are definitely on peer tube and we are definitely on rumble.
This is an independent bright web presentation and it is funded by viewers like you, unlike the PBS NewsHour, which is funded by large corporations and other weaponized piles of money that do not have our grandchildren's best interest in mind.
They have enslavement of our grandchildren in mind.
And so this is giggleembiological. It's a high-resistance low-noise information brief brought to you by biologists.
Noncompliance is the only way out as we move forward.
We need to take back the United States, take back control of our local governments, our state governments and our federal government.
And that's not going to be done easily. It's not going to happen overnight.
I understand that.
But the first thing to do, everybody has to wake up.
We have to wake up to the fact, probably should have this in a different place.
We are going to talk about biology today and the bigger picture of biology.
But what we're really trying to talk about on giggleembiological is this conscious and intelligent manipulation of our organized habits and opinions and very specifically about health, well-being, mother nature, and what we have control over and what we should think of as being under our control.
And so undermining our young people's understanding of what they have control over in their lives spans all aspects of our society to include socio-economic manipulation, to include manipulation based on race, but very few manipulations are based on class because that's really where the divide is.
We are those people that are in this group and those people who are out, the vast majority of us being out, manipulated by this invisible force, this invisible intention.
And this invisible intention has been there for quite some time.
And for those people who are skilled television watchers and trusters of social media, this is kind of a slow baptism by fire.
You're just going to have to face it.
You were wrong about so many things because people lied to you about them.
And so in trying to approach this from a biological perspective, I like to use this Chicago Tribune cartoon that I recently found in somebody's sub-stack where in 1934 already somebody's drawing a cartoon that says spend, spend, spend under the guise of recovery,
recovery from a pandemic perhaps, bust the government, blame the capitalists, capitalists, you mean like people who wanted to make a profit from a pandemic,
blame the capitalists for the failure, junk the constitution and declare a dictatorship.
I think you should see this just like you should see the statement behind my head coming from Edward Bernays in 1924, this cartoon coming from 1934.
I think you should see this very clearly has evidence of a multi-generational plan to eventually control the Polish-American at the same time enslave her citizens.
That's what I see as a patriotic American who doesn't have any hyphens in my description of being American and knows very well that my informed consent was torn from me intellectually at the beginning of the pandemic.
I fell for it, hook, line and sinker and I'm not sure who was wittingly or unwittingly participating in getting me to fall for it, but it was more than just myself bumbling through the darkness with a flashlight trying to figure out what was going on on my bicycle.
This was a coordinated effort of people that were curating a narrative about a lab leak that would presuppose the existence of a spreading novel pathogen.
The idea of a spreading novel pathogen for which none of us had any immunity was something that we were forced to coerced into accepting from the very beginning and that is at the root of this principle of informed consent being ignored.
If they tell you a story and then try to motivate you with that story and the story is a lie or the story is a gross over exaggeration of anything that is possible, then they have effectively and they have effectively taken away your informed consent and that coercion amounts to a crime.
That coercive use of government power amounts to a crime and we as American citizens need to wake up individual by individual and understand that and then take action and that will take several years for everybody to wake up to this reality.
It will be the next president before we wake up to this reality. It's without a doubt, but what we can't do is allow this election coming up and the turmoil that will most assuredly be associated with it to throw us off of this tact, which is to pursue the truth of biology,
pursue the truth right down to the stones, which is was there a pandemic and people are going to argue all the time about what do you mean by was was there a pandemic.
And when I say there was no pandemic, I mean there was no pandemic, not that there was no viruses.
I don't even care if there are or there aren't any viruses. There was no pandemic because RNA can't do that.
And so then the question becomes if RNA can't do that, then what exactly happened and my argument is is that there is a hot background.
A hot background of DNA and RNA that can be amplified through metagenomic sequencing can be amplified through any number of molecular biological methodologies that many, many people around the world have high levels of expertise in this book.
The viral storm written by Nathan Wolf in 2011 basically details the idea that there is a whole black box source of DNA and RNA that could potentially be the source of new genes, new new living species that are only detectable by looking at this background signal of DNA.
DNA and RNA and then pulling up and amplifying these signals and then searching through them with AI algorithms.
Do you understand what I just said?
Nathan Wolf.
In 2012 was already selling the idea that metagenomic sequencing on the background in mother nature could pull up countless possible new lifetimes.
And that the way to do it would be to look at this hot background and amplify it all and then allow an AI or a computer algorithm or something like that to sort through this noise and pull out signals.
And so is there a hot background or no background?
This is 14 years ago.
And so our hypothesis is that the who declared a pandemic of a dangerous novel virus and then a coordinated rollout of this illusion of consensus that PCR was a good way to track this novel virus.
Nobody disagreed with this idea, including the people who published the Korman-Drossden report.
Kevin McCurnan and his authors that included Peter McCullough and Mike Yeiden and Claire Craig and Thomas Binder and what an unreal group of people to put on one of the first papers to have any real consequence in the pandemic story of February or March of 2020.
Objecting to the who's PCR protocol is having primers that could cause primer dimers and inappropriate primer sequences.
Absolutely nothing at all to do with objecting to using a PCR on a hot background on unproven amplicons with no positive controls, no triplicate, no negative controls, just running it.
No objections about that.
Rather, we would like to give you some methodological suggestions to make your PCR test better.
Now I'm not saying all of those people therefore are in on it.
What I am saying is that that paper is already an example of a highly dubious assembly of people.
And so if we don't know who assembled those people or it ends up to be a Simahaltra known Medler on Twitter for four years.
And then you have Kevin McCurnan from the human genome project that I guess was working on cannabis genomes but decided to throw that to the sideline at the start of the pandemic to make sure that he spoke out about primer dimers in the PCR test.
And so this test comes out and people complain about it and say that their sequence, they're cycling it too far, otherwise this wouldn't be fair.
And for biologists that work on the bench, for people that actually know how PCR works, cycling it farther and getting an amplicon, you could still sequence that amplicon.
If it's the right amplicon, it just means that there was very little of it.
And so when biologists heard this overcycling thing and then another biologist on TV said, no, you can't over cycle PCR PCR is perfect.
Then the academic biologist said, yeah, yeah, it is what I use it. I guess it probably I mean, they must have done this.
I mean, come on.
This is just conspiracy theory that they would use PCR with a single amplicon.
It's just it's just it's just conspiracy theory that they would use PCR with no nested primers.
It's just conspiracy theory that they were looking at a conserved region of the end protein sometimes.
And so these tests were all correlated because of financial incentive and because of one thing that I don't have listed here, his protection from malpractice in New York state.
For the first two months of the pandemic, there was a declaration that during the course of treating COVID, there would be no medical malpractice at all.
Did you know that?
I wonder if Jessica Hockett knows that.
It was something that Cuomo declared.
And so doctors had actually multiple reasons to say, well, I think it's COVID.
If you check the box COVID, you're off the hook.
You can do whatever you want.
Give them motor oil.
It doesn't matter.
If you're treating COVID, you got to do what you think is right.
Or you could follow the CDC protocol and be totally protected.
Plus, we'll get a bonus.
So, you know, it's win-win.
What this allowed them to do was convert a larger portion of all-cause mortality than what was normally designated as pneumonia and influenza as a national security priority.
Suddenly, what killed people every year became worse because we decided to treat it differently.
We treated it like a national security priority.
We scared doctors into using a protocol that included supplemental oxygen in response to a pulse-ox reading.
Devices that the FDA says itself are not very reliable.
And terrified people into thinking that that was a primary indicator of impending COVID doom.
People like Kyle Seidel and Pierre Corey.
Sticking to that narrative.
And if you give people Ivermectin, then they're really good.
I bet Ivermectin is better than supplementary oxygen at 10 or more liters per minute when you don't need it.
Or for hours.
You should watch that show from Hucetonic as well.
Mark also did a nice show about oxygen-induced ARDS in a study that was looking at oxygen use in ICUs.
It's not surprising that we would already know this in some medical context or another that too much oxygen can damage lungs severely.
There's a lot of medicine for everybody to know. There's a lot of specialties in medicine.
So if you're an ER doctor, you might not know that because most of the time when people go to the ICU they leave the ER.
And so it might seem normal if the CDC says give supplementary oxygen to people who come in before you give them ventilators.
If you're out of ventilators, you have too many rooms or whatever, whatever, whatever.
And so the symptoms of COVID almost certainly in any of these hospitals that were using this high-flow nasal cannula oxygen who were causing damage to these people,
especially if they had comorbidities, especially if they were already smokers or had other some other problem.
And they always say comorbidities, comorbidities, comorbidities, it's vulnerability to our protocol is what we're talking about here.
Don't come to the hospital until you're vulnerable to our protocol was the command.
Don't come to the hospital until your pulse ox is low enough for us to give an excuse to give you pure oxygen for a few hours,
which we already knew in the late 80s could damage the lungs of monkeys in a few hours.
And so if it wasn't necessary to create the permanent, beautiful illusion that something was circulating the globe,
the easiest way for them to do it would be to use the standard methodology of RNA virology, which is to make an infectious clone,
which is to take this RNA signal that they purport to have found in nature or purport to have made on their keyboard or purport to have added
fear and cleavage sites and HIV inserts to, and they make a DNA molecule that represents it and they grow lots of copies of that DNA molecule
in any number of ways that are already standardized at the level of pharmaceutical companies.
So you could literally make industrial quantities of that DNA copy of the RNA that you want to then produce using an industrial RNA polymerase.
Now you have large quantities of an RNA and serendipitously large quantities of a DNA,
both of which will provide adequate signal for an RTPCR test to be lightning bright positive.
Put it in some sewers, put it in some subways, put it on some swabs. I don't know.
It's a crime scene, ladies and gentlemen, and they've told us that it's just something that happened, something we couldn't have avoided,
something we had to respond to and we responded to kind of awkwardly and clums will leave it.
Next time we'll do it better. Trust us.
This is a full inversion of your individual sovereignty to permissions around the world and around the globe.
It is globalism. National borders are going to be dissolved in our lifetime if we do not fight for them.
And the reason why you can know this, the best way to see it is to see how interestingly in agreement people that should be far apart, off it and these two, for example.
But they're not far off at all. They both agree that vaccines have gotten us here and without vaccines, boy, would we be dead?
And they both agree that there was a mystery virus that caused excess deaths around the world to the tune of millions.
They also agree that there's no reason to talk about fear and uncertainty doubt and confusion killing anybody.
There's definitely no reason to even come close to mentioning or whispering the possibility that pulse oximeters in and supplementary oxygen may have started the train for a lot of people.
And a lot of doctors are going to be on the hook for this if it's written on a lot of people's deaths.
I mean, people's medical records after their death.
It's giant malpractice. It's nationwide. These people are in big trouble.
We need whistleblowers, ladies and gentlemen. We need MDs that have the guts to look back on the last four years and say, Holy shit, did we do that?
Were we doing that at my hospital? We need Mary Talley Bowden to look back at what they were doing at her hospital before she started her own practice and started treating people with Ivermectin.
What were they doing at that hospital? Were they putting people on high flow nasal cannula oxygen before they got on the ventilator?
How many people were given that as a standard treatment? How much oxygen were they using at those hospitals?
Every single one of these MDs needs to look in the rear view mirror and go, wait, was that part of this too?
And every one of the MDs that doesn't look back in the mirror and say, Holy shit, they're right.
We were also doing that in a couple weeks. You're going to have to shake your head and say, Holy shit, they're really not saying it.
And you're going to have to reach out to them on social media in a panic because this is gigantic.
This is not a small thing. People still think that oxygen is just something that you can use to help people.
There's a reason why oxygen bars never really caught on, ladies and gentlemen. And this is just the start, right?
Because if you put somebody on high flow nasal oxygen and you give them, do not resuscitate orders as they're coming into the hospital.
And you say, offer ventilation as a way of easing the pain that's being caused by the pure oxygen you've been breathing for the last three hours.
And then when they do develop pneumonia from that oxygen, you don't give them antibiotics because it's viral.
Of course, they came into the hospital with COVID. And then you don't use steroids to control the inflammation that results from it because, again,
steroids aren't on the protocol. You use remdesivir, medazolam instead.
And then you have these opioid deaths that are coming in and the hospital's like, yeah, but if we don't call them COVID deaths, we won't get 35,000.
So we might as well just call them COVID deaths.
We can call them opioid deaths at the end of the pandemic after in 2022, we can cop to those guys.
And so financial incentives caused that to happen.
Track and trace masks, closures, mandates, these things all made people believe that this illusion of consensus couldn't be wrong.
All these people that are starting businesses with track and trace, all these people that are wearing masks that I see them wearing masks in the car, they can't all be wrong.
Nobody would ever do this to us.
I mean, we're closing schools. It's got to be pretty serious. They must really think something bad could happen.
That's the effect of those things. It's not any other.
And if they all agree on television and social media that these are great ideas, that is an illusion of consensus.
And that illusion of consensus about a novel virus that killed millions of people that millions more were saved from that likely was gained a function and therefore could come again is something that none of these people.
Brett Weinstein doesn't question. Sam Harris doesn't question. Paul Offitt doesn't question Tony Fauci doesn't question.
All of these people don't question it.
Nick Hudson questions it.
Jessica Hawke questions it. Mark Coolack questions it. Even the no virus people question it. They just did it in a very disingenuous way for a few years. At least some of them did.
But it's all good now. Let's just make sure we're fighting for this justice.
The hundreds of thousands of people that were killed in America and misconstrued as the damage that a novel virus called caused when we know that that's not the case that's a bald face lie.
And the only people that are actively maintaining this faith in a novel virus are people that have been connected to this to this illusion for decades if you are connected to the human genome project was a giant bluff.
If you made hundreds of millions of dollars from patents from the human genome project that were kind of just given to you out of your work at the Whitehead Institute, you can't be trusted to speak out against this if you don't mention anybody on this list.
If none of the justice for these people is a priority for you. You can't be trusted.
If you've given presentations in front of the who about fit and fill and finish technologies in the flu vaccine, you can't be trusted to speak up about this, especially if you don't say any of this stuff.
And every single person, almost to the letter that stood in front of the Senate in that picture that stood in front of the stage in Romania in November of 2023 doesn't say any of this stuff.
And then he ran course very focused on all cause mortality and analyzing all cause mortality and so his data doesn't speak to any of this.
But common sense does.
Common sense speaks to the fact you can put that microphone inside and you can close the door all the way if you want.
Common sense speaks to the fact that speaks to the fact that they have to talk about this and if they don't talk about this, then there's a problem.
Common sense speaks to the fact that they should talk about Medicare costs being avoided.
Common sense speaks to the fact that they should some lawyer somewhere should be making a good living talking about how strict liability is the only way out.
Some lawyers somewhere should be making a good living, bringing cases against the vaccine injury, something, something court, because it's a Seventh Amendment violation, because there should be a nonprofit that's fighting those two exact things.
And there isn't.
There isn't.
Which one?
And so, Denny Rancore can say there's no evidence of epidemiological evidence of spread.
Jessica Hockett can show pictures of us, the spike of deaths in New York City, the absolutely implausible 20,000 people dying in three and a half weeks. Where are the bodies?
The bodies were piling ups outside of the churches in World War II, you know, by like 25 or 30 bodies.
Where did 20,000 bodies go?
That's like a major league baseball game. Oh, everybody's dead. Well, we got to get those people out of there. How the hell are we going to do that? Where are we going to put them? How?
What are their names? Where's the memorial?
Listen carefully, ladies and gentlemen, what about those Medicare costs? This is what the first thing I wanted to cover here.
What about those Medicare costs here that we're looking at? Whoops, this one.
What about those Medicare costs?
This is a video from 11 years ago, a PBS NewsHour video from 11 years ago.
I just want you to do a little mental gymnastics in your head. How much of the total budget of America is the cost of paying the medical bills of poor people, mostly old and retired people.
What do you think it is?
Mostly, but the ones that are old and retired are the very expensive ones. The unhealthy ones are very expensive. What do you think it costs? What percentage of the U.S. budget? Somebody in the chat.
What's going on? Play.
Between Medicaid and Medicare, it seems like Medicare gets so much more attention, particularly as they campaign in Florida, and they're talking to those older voters that do participate rather than voters who maybe need more financial help on healthcare.
That's something we've taken quite a bit of a look at on the NewsHour.
Another question is how much does Medicaid cost taxpayers every year? What percentage in the national budget is this taking out?
Roughly about 10 percent. Medicaid is about $340 billion, so it's about 10 percent of the whole national budget. As again, I've mentioned in states, for state spending, it can be a quarter of your budget.
So when states are struggling, as they have been during the damage...
Oh, so did you know that? That it's only about 10 to 15 percent of the national budget, but it's up to 25 to 30, even 40 percent of some state's budgets that we know already are underwater because they've been mismanaged for many years.
We've known that was also one of these ticking time bombs, so ladies and gentlemen, a decade ago already.
A decade ago, Medicare was already a very looming doom for state budgets and potentially for national budgets as the boomers became older.
Remember, ladies and gentlemen, that one of the things that America is dealing with right now, as we speak, is this population pyramid.
Now remember, you can draw a population pyramid in a number of ways, but usually it's drawn like this where you might put the females on one side.
You might put the males on the other, and then on this axis here, you have age, here's maybe 80, here is zero, and so you got lots of babies that are born down here.
And then as you go up the ladder, you know, you got different bars.
And so this is the total population curve.
And what we know from what limited public data is available, the United States curve does not look like that.
The United States curve, in fact, is looking pretty straight with this little thing right there.
And now I'm drawing it very poorly, but this thing right there is like at 80.
This big bump of the boomers, there's a lot of these people that are just retired retiring, but just retired have been retired for a few years.
This is not exactly drawn right. Maybe 80 should have been right here.
And that means that there was something really to be saved because at one point in time, over 10 years ago, there was a report where there was a report where you had people talking about how in 10 years or in 15 years when these old people retired and when they started to actually
on their Medicare, that their costs in the last months of their lives, the costs of their Medicare were somewhere on the orders of $500,000 for every six months.
And so you can imagine a scenario where this was actually as it climbed over time as this climbed up the population pyramid, they knew that this was going to be a problem.
It would also be incidentally, incidentally, it would also be a source of excess death because more people are going to die as that bump of old people, right?
As this bump of old people here, this bump goes up to the age of death, you're just going to have more people dying.
And so the number of people dying would have been expected to rise, but any disingenuous manipulation or presentation of those numbers could have been used in order to say that all those old people weren't expected to die.
But of course they were because they expect the age of the average age of death, even with all of these games was still above the expected lifespan of the average American above the average lifespan of the average Irish person.
And that was true pretty much around Western society.
And so it's very, very important to see that there were a number of reasons why this would be happening.
And coincidentally, the guy who does last week tonight now, what is the name John Oliver just did an episode about how at the same time we're kicking people off of Medicare at random now because of budget cuts and this kind of thing.
So this was a necessity getting control of the old population, increasing the vaccination of old people before the pandemic.
Was anybody talking about the need for pneumonia vaccines or RSV vaccines or flu and COVID vaccines every year for old people?
Not with the fervor and commitment that they are now where it's just suddenly like, well, long as this stuff works.
He might as well, he might as well get vaccinated for shingles too.
I am particularly stuck on shingles because my friend at the at the gym told me about a shingle shot that was making his arm hurt and it just it hurt me to hear that that's where we are that somebody who should be retired or is kind of semi retired trying to make ends meet by teaching basketball
to young kids.
He's been a coach at like 10 different colleges.
It's really crazy guy that I met there.
Really nice dude.
But totally lost in this.
Totally lost in the idea that this is a legitimate system of public health that has our best interest in mind when it definitely doesn't and more importantly that his doctor somehow is a useful and functioning part of that system which he or she probably is just a part of it
and not at all thinking about what they do just assuming because otherwise of course all these people must be liars then that can't be true.
I'm going to go past that of course.
So I am human just like you.
I'm going to make mistakes as we go forward but I'm not going to hate.
I'm not going to fight.
I'm not going to take their bait anymore.
We are just going to keep telling the truth.
And in telling the truth one of the things that we need to do is speak and listen to people tell the truth themselves.
And the illusion is very very deep.
Where I'm going to go now is Spotify because I do have Spotify for my kids because and it does allow me to listen to something so I do have an account at Spotify.
And I've already downloaded this.
What I wanted to do was look into Alex Berenson.
And the reason why I want to look into Alex Berenson is because I believe Alex Berenson is one of these really wonderful examples of somebody I'm just going to cut quick over here.
One of these wonderful examples of I don't know if I actually said hello to you over here yet.
This is Giga on biological and high resistance Illinois information brief brought to you by a biologist coming to you live from Pittsburgh.
This is the back of my garage here in my backyard.
I think Alex Berenson is a wonderful example of the fake censorship that occurred.
So some people are censored.
Some people are muted.
Some people were canceled but didn't get invitations to go to other platforms
and be a leader over there.
Didn't get invitations to go complain about the censorship to Tucker Carlson and definitely didn't get an invitation and the ability to sue something like Twitter for money and elaborately showcase the censorship that they experienced.
And I think Alex Berenson is one of these people that probably is not smart enough to know how he's being played.
But he is smart enough to know that he is being protected because of what he says.
And he might believe most of the things that he says.
But man, when we listen to him and Joe Rogan talk in this podcast, they're going to say some things that are just flat out shocking.
We won't listen to the whole thing.
But I really want people to understand the depth and the breadth of this illusion because I know everybody says, yeah, of course Joe Rogan is in on it or whatever.
But Joe Rogan is just a guy who's been given a lot of comfort and fame and is not going to do anything to jeopardize it.
They leave him alone.
He's able to do his drugs and get his testosterone and all this other stuff.
And he gets to watch fights and he gets to do everything that he wants to do.
So he's not going to question it if they need to talk to somebody or you need to promote someone or we need you to say this, he's just going to do it.
Because the people that tell him, he trusts them.
I'm not saying that Joe is forgivable.
I'm saying that he's just a tool of the system.
Joe could easily be a robot.
I mean, I don't think that he's anybody that will ever turn, for example.
He probably believes in most of the things that these people are up to.
He probably believes that the vast majority of Americans shouldn't be having kids and that we should do something about that.
He probably believes that, you know, not every human is as sacred as every other human and not equal.
And therefore, you know, survival of the fittest, this kind of thing.
I'm not saying I agree or disagree.
I'm just saying that if you're on board with those kinds of ideas and on board with those ideas means that Joe Rogan and Brett Weinstein and Eric Weinstein and Peter Teal and Bill Gates and his dad and all these people agree that this is the way humans should be governed that, you know, we just
Mark just did a show about Salk.
And Salk wrote this book called the survival of the wisest that actually argues that if humans are going to take advantage of their full potential, we better pull our head out of our ass and start breeding more intelligently.
And that may mean that the wisest breed, the smartest breed, and that we make choices based on that because we understand that that's how the system works.
And so there's no excuse not to use that to our advantage as a species.
And if you believe it that way, if you argue it that way, then eugenics is just good.
Eugenics makes sense because we're the only species that can actively engage in it.
So it's extremely poignant that Mark shows that during the, you know, the lead up to the Salk Institute and its establishment that this man met with Alice E. Moore, the house cleaner of Henry Kissinger.
Very interesting story.
And I hope you know that I'm joking when I say that she was the house cleaner of Henry Kissinger. She did have a house in the same places and towns and neighborhoods as Henry Kissinger in all the places that Henry had a house.
But she's the cell culture master.
She is essentially the red thread that runs through all of the early cell culture work, all the early cancer cell lines, all this stuff has her behind it.
These culture techniques are her.
And so she is a really interesting missing piece to the puzzle, of course, because she has no Wikipedia page. Nobody ever talks to her. There are no institutes named after her, but everybody's connected to her.
Well done, Mark.
So let's listen to Alex Berenson bust it because that's what he's going to do. He's going to bust it.
I don't know if I get a video here or what the deal is.
Sometimes I get a video. Sometimes I don't. It's really weird.
Do you know how that works? Why I don't see a video?
Where's the video? Play.
No, this, this bat. We want everyone, we want to signal to everyone else.
Sorry about that.
I don't know why I don't see that.
Rogan, experience.
Train by day, Joe Rogan podcast by night. All day.
Is that it?
Good to see you.
It's a pleasure.
How are you feeling out there? You, you truth warrior.
I keep waiting to be done with this.
Yeah.
Nice. Why isn't it showing up?
Let it go.
Yeah, it's strange. It's strange now.
Does anybody know how that works? Sorry. How do we do that?
How come I can't see it? Because there is a video.
What the hell?
Somebody help me. What's going on? Why can't I see the video?
I know there's a video.
Truth warrior. Yeah, he's not a truth warrior. I know that.
See all episodes.
Then maybe I'll get it. Alex Berenson.
I'll search.
Newest to oldest.
Oh, come on. I don't want to waste this time.
I thought I had it ready. And now it won't show it.
Might be the download setting. No, I don't think so.
Remove from your episodes mark as played.
Darn it.
I'm going to look for it on YouTube then.
It's a pleasure. How are you feeling out there? You truth warrior.
I keep waiting to be done with this.
Yeah.
It's nice to be done, right? They will not let it go.
Yeah, it's strange. It's strange now.
It's also strange what bothers me.
I try to emphasize this as much as possible.
I even had to do this recently with some close family friends.
You've got to take care of your health.
You have to take vitamins. You have to eat right.
You have to. If you don't do that, your body doesn't function well.
That includes your immune system. It includes everything.
It includes inflammation.
It causes a host of diseases in your body.
You have to take care of yourself.
That should be the most important message that everyone's putting out,
not just the podcasters, but the government.
Health officials. Everyone should be saying that.
You should really supplement with vitamins.
You should really get your nutrient levels checked, if you can.
Even if you can't do those things, you can eat decently.
You can try to exercise moderately.
Look, I know a lot of people have...
Okay, maybe this is going to work.
I'm going to get rid of this for a second and see if this works.
Somebody put a link in the thingy-bob.
It's just going to...
The Joe Rogan Experience.
Train by day, Joe Rogan podcast by night! All day!
It won't go wide though.
Did you see? It's a pleasure.
How are you feeling out there? You truth warrior?
Maybe I do this.
I keep waiting to be done with this.
Be nice to be done, right?
They will not let it go.
Yeah, it's strange.
No, it won't show up there.
It's also strange. What bothers me,
and I try to emphasize this as much as possible,
and I even had to do this recently with some close family friends.
You've got to take care of your health.
You have to take vitamins. You have to eat right.
You have to. If you don't do that, your body doesn't function well.
That includes your immune system.
It includes inflammation. It causes a host of diseases in your body.
You've got to take care of yourself.
That should be the most important message that everyone's putting out,
not just the podcasters, but the government.
Health officials. Everyone should be saying that.
You should really supplement with vitamins.
You should really get your nutrient levels checked, if you can.
Even if you can't do those things, you can eat decently.
You can try to exercise moderately.
Look, I know a lot of people have complicated lives.
They have kids.
Oh, this is going to be only a short episode.
I get it.
But even if you can work out like a half hour a day,
three days a week and not eat too much, you're in better shape.
Much better shape.
Yeah, there's been some studies done recently.
Darn it.
Okay, so we're going to have to go to Spotify.
20 minutes of exercise, like twice a week,
improves your overall, like, all-cause mortality score.
Yes.
Just a little bit moderate stuff.
Okay, I'm sorry that I'm being so clumsy with this,
but I really thought I had the video.
And if I don't, which is very possible,
you know, they don't have much time.
I get it.
But like, even if you can work out like a half hour a day,
three days a week and not eat too much, you're in better shape.
Much better shape.
Yeah, there's been some studies done recently that something really crazy,
like 20 minutes of exercise, like twice a week,
improves your overall, like, all-cause mortality score.
Yes.
Just a little bit moderate stuff.
Nothing crazy.
Like do some push-ups and sit-ups and some jumping jacks,
and you're good to go.
Just you have to do something that gets your body moving.
Or it doesn't think that it has to,
but it atrophies.
It's just an unfortunate aspect of our biology
that we are not like other animals.
You know, like, and other animals get stronger too, is the exercise.
But we've all seen animals that are like super muscular
that don't do anything.
It's just that they're different, you know,
and they only lived 13 years, right?
Yes.
The whole thing's different.
With us, we're this long-term species with intelligence and ego
and justifications and all sorts of weird ways that we will procrastinate
and justify bad behavior and unhealthy choices,
and it's just a constant battle just being a human being.
And no one wins that battle.
You just win battles.
Yes.
You win, like, daily battle.
No one wins the war.
Everyone dies in the end.
But I do.
You know, I wrote about this on a substrate.
You know, we were just talking before we started about
when I didn't see you.
But when you were in Vegas in July and I was in Vegas in July
for I was playing poker, that like, you know, gambling is...
And I'd like to gamble.
I don't have a moral problem with it, but gambling destroys people too.
Over eating destroys people, gambling destroys people.
Gambling destroys people.
As human beings, we've set up all these, like, modern things
to take advantage of our dopamine, and we're not really built for it.
We're not.
And we're certainly not built for phones.
You know, so many people are getting destroyed by social media.
Like, their lives have become wrapped up in arguing with people.
And I just think that's super unhealthy.
Yes.
There's some aspect of it that's very beneficial and positive.
I think you get a lot of information that you wouldn't have gotten.
I think you get to see people's perspectives
that occasionally are very inspiring and very unique and interesting.
I love listening or reading things from other people
that I think have very good perspectives and interesting perspectives.
It's a rare opportunity to talk to people that you wouldn't be able to run into.
If we lived in the 1970s, you'd have to cultivate these interesting people,
like in the physical person, which is probably better for you, right?
But not available for most people.
That's right.
And we tend to imitate our atmospheres.
And you see that in thought bubbles.
And I think that's another problem that we have with social media.
And there's these thought bubbles.
And people just, you know, you sort of gravitate towards them.
You stay in them.
And if you're busy, you just sort of get affirmation from that thought bubble
and you never think outside the box.
Yes.
Look, I don't know what we do about social media.
I mean, obviously my career, I wouldn't, well, I guess I was on with you one time
before COVID, you know, talk about cannabis.
But before you got kicked off.
Before I got kicked off Twitter.
That's right.
And then got put back.
Let's talk about that.
Because you came on for your book that I've referenced many times.
Here you go.
So he came on.
Joe Rogan for his book about cannabis and how cannabis is terrible for kids
or something like terrible for everybody.
I don't know what it was.
I'll tell your children.
And I think it's, I think it's important.
I think when we talk about these things that some people like to use
recreationally, like even gambling that you talked about, we have to be aware
that there's consequences to these things too.
It's not an even ride.
It's not like every person is going to handle every situation well.
And we had a podcast yesterday with Kurt Angle, you know, an Olympic gold
medalist and wrestling and he was the WWE champion.
Amazing guy.
And he had a real pill problem.
And he had a pill problem because he broke his neck like five times.
And he had like crazy wrestled in the Olympics with a broken neck.
Broken vertebrae in his neck and one.
Wow.
I mean, just the freak of freaks.
So he can do that.
But he got hooked.
He got hooked.
I mean, this is like a man whose mind is as strong as any fucking human
as ever walked the face of the earth.
You can win the gold medal in the Olympics in wrestling.
Wrestling is one of the most competitive grueling, insane physical
contests that are in the Olympics.
It's like boxing and wrestling are two of the craziest.
Judo Judo is pretty crazy.
But God, those guys are strong mentally.
And for that guy to get hooked on pills.
Like God like that, imagine.
Right.
Because it's not about how strong you are.
It's just if they click with you in some way, you're going to have a problem.
And I also had Peter Berg on the podcast.
He was brilliant.
And Peter, who did that film before Netflix.
The series is now Painkiller.
He said he tried an OxyContin once recreationally.
And he was like, oh, my God.
This is amazing.
I could never do this again.
I'll never do this again.
But he's got a mindset that can see that and go, oh, I see where this is going.
Right.
So the look, there's always been this stuff.
And the legalizers, whether it's drug legalizers or people who want more gambling, they always
say the same thing.
Well, you can't really stop people from doing it.
And so you got to make it safe for them.
Here's the problem with that.
Here's the flip side of that.
When you legalize it or normalize it, you wind up opening it to people who otherwise wouldn't
do it.
Let me go back to gambling because I think it's a little bit less emotionally charged
for people.
Once upon a time, if you wanted to gamble legally, you had to go to Las Vegas, basically.
Or maybe Atlantic City after, you know, in 1978.
But basically you had to go out to the desert and find that gambling.
And yeah, maybe.
And deal with the mob.
That's right.
Or if you wanted to, no, no, if you wanted to bet football, like you could probably find
a bookie.
You could call a friend who called a friend and you could, but you know, it was going to
be some guy who might break your arm if you didn't pay.
Right.
So you could do it, but it was discouraged and not that easy.
Now we have gambling in like, you know, 23 states.
We have lotteries on every corner.
And just in the last five years, we have sports betting on your phone in many states.
So it couldn't be easier.
So what does that mean?
It means it's going to wreck people who would never, it would never have been available
to before.
And that, that.
So.
That's just a function of freedom.
Right.
Well, it's a, okay, freedom would be go to Vegas and do it.
And we're not going to really judge you for it, but you got to go get it.
So this is less accessible.
That's right.
This is more.
We're going to promote this because, because both private interests and the state, state
governments make money from it.
Right.
Well, you could see it from their perspective too.
They're like, why, why should we give the revenue to Vegas we can handle it here?
Right.
Our residents should be able to gamble here.
And what do you, there's a percentage, whatever that percentage is.
So that's an interesting statement to make there.
Right.
I can't do that.
Okay.
So I'm going to put myself down here that he says it's a function of freedom.
And Alex says, yeah, yeah, you know, whatever, we should make it safe for people.
But who's freedom?
Is he talking about it?
Is it freedom of corporations to exploit the population, freedom of the government to
exploit and tax the population, freedom of, of all of these owners to exploit us.
And they don't talk about that at all.
This is freedom of people to hurt themselves.
That's what they're talking about.
Well, you know, some people are addictive.
Some people, you know, they're vulnerable to it or it really clicks with them.
They really like those drugs.
You see how it is right now?
This controlled limited spectrum of debate where the onus is on people to, to fend off
the, the predatory corporations, the corporations that lie to them in cooperation with the government,
they're supposed to, they're supposed to be able to resist that.
That's their fault.
Because you know, he just told a, a story of a guy who took a Oxycontin and said, wow,
that was great.
I'm never going to take another one of those.
Don't you hear what they're implying here that it's our fault that we're here.
It's our fault that our country is like this.
It's our fault that all these corporations are taking advantage of us in our health care
system.
It's our fault.
I don't know if it's genetic or if it's based on personal experience in gambling that
like maybe it's like Oxycontin, like Peter Burke took one, but if he took like as many
as Kurt Engle did, he would be physically hooked too.
Maybe there could be just you chasing bad money a couple of times.
And next thing you know, you're doing it all the time.
I mean, you, you see it, okay, you see the people who can't stop, who know, who know
they don't have this money, who know they're going to the credit card advance machine for
the fifth time, you know, that weekend, they can't stop.
So how do we balance that with the freedom to be able to do it?
Like how do we say that it has to be regional?
Like how do we say that you can go to Vegas?
It's totally legal, but you can't gamble in Michigan.
That's a fair question.
I don't, I don't have a good answer to that.
So is the solution that we just if you don't call it evil, then what if you don't call
it wrong, if you don't just call it predatory, but you want it to be legal, but make sure
that the only the people who can afford to have their lives ruined by it, only the people
that can afford the cocaine should get it.
What are you talking about?
Have to have more people available for counseling and more rehabilitation centers.
Is that the solution?
I don't really think that stuff works very well to me.
Here's what I do think.
Putting it on people's phones is a mistake.
I think putting it in every...
You don't think gambling rehabilitation works or any rehabilitation works?
I don't think rehabilitation works as a rule.
I think when people want to stop, they stop.
But you don't think that support for one of human beings that have also gone through it?
When people want to stop, they stop.
That's how addiction works.
Boy, what a moron is this guy, but he's already written a book about it, so he must know it
could be beneficial in making good decisions in the future.
I think if this episode is brought to you by True Classic, as guys shopping for premium
basics online can be a total pain, finding some body type, or through move, this episode
is brought to you by Squarespace.
Squarespace has a range of inbuilt tools that plus, and it's an exercise twice a week.
There it is.
It improves your overall, like, all-cause mortality score.
Hey, yes.
We got it.
A little bit.
Moderate stuff.
Nothing crazy.
Do some push-ups and sit-ups and some jumping jacks, and you're good to go.
You have to do something that gets your body moving, or it doesn't think that it has to,
then it atrophies.
It's just an unfortunate aspect of our biology.
Here we go.
We are not like other animals.
Yes.
You don't.
And other animals get stronger, too, is the exercise.
We've all seen animals that are super muscular, that don't do anything.
It's just, they're different.
And they only live 13 years, right?
Yes.
The whole thing's different.
With us, we're this long-term species with intelligence and ego and justifications,
and all sorts of weird ways that we will procrastinate and justify bad behavior, and
how much time it is.
Did I go back in time?
And it's such a constant battle, just being keen.
I think I did.
No one wins that battle.
I think I was bad in time.
You just win battles.
Yes.
Should I?
I think this.
Everyone dies in the end.
But I do.
You know, I wrote about this on the sub-stag.
We were just talking before we started about when I didn't see you.
But when you were in Vegas in July, and I was in search for people, once upon a time,
if you wanted to gamble legally, you'd go to Las Vegas, basically, or maybe Atlantic
City after you're in 1978.
But basically, you'd go out to the desert.
Lucian that we just have to have.
There we go.
I believe in here.
People available for counseling and more rehabilitation centers.
Is that the solution?
I don't really think that stuff works very well to me.
Here's what I do think.
Look at that shirt.
People's phones is a mistake.
I think putting it in every- You don't think gambling rehabilitated?
See, that shirt even indicates the whole, you know, who are we supposed to unmask here,
right?
Who are we supposed to unmask here?
That's the real question I've got on my head.
We say that it has to be regional.
Like how do we say that you can go to Vegas?
It's totally legal, but you can't gamble in Michigan.
That's a fair question.
I don't have a good answer to that.
So is the solution that we just have to have more people available for counseling and more
rehabilitation centers?
Is that the solution?
I don't really think that stuff works very well to me.
Here's what I do think.
Putting it on people's phones is a mistake.
I think putting it in every- You don't think gambling rehabilitation works or any rehabilitation
I don't think rehabilitation works as a rule.
I think- So those are the people that he's unmasking.
Gottlieb, Slavitt, Borla, people that profited from the pandemic exactly the same nonsense
story that was told in that 1936 or 1934 cartoon about blaming the capitalists because
we threw a bunch of money out the window at a fake problem in order to bankrupt the
country.
That's what they did.
That's what they've been doing.
We were set up for this over decades, ladies and gentlemen, and these people are climbing
the ladder to get on board with those people that set us up.
I guarantee it.
They want a part of the weaponized piles of money.
And as Nick Hudson recently said on an interview, that's the main problem that we have, and
it should be a great source of hope that it costs billions, if not trillions of dollars
to sustain this illusion that we are trapped in.
It costs the work of hundreds of people to oppose the information that Mark is trying
to get out.
It costs hundreds of people in order to keep Jessica Hockett under wraps.
It costs hundreds of people to control this operation to the extent to which we can now
have this guy with a shirt that needs bleach on Joe Rogan pretending to be one of the
people that unmasked all these bad guys very early on because he was onto the scam of weed
before the pandemic.
I think when people want to stop, they stop.
But you don't think that support from other human beings that have also gone through it
can be beneficial in making good decisions in the future?
I think if, here's a solid tip, start your day off the right way like I do with AG1.
It's a science-driven nutritional science, any trot slash Rogan, check it.
This episode is brought back to warbeek.com.
A lot of commercials.
A lot of people who want to stop, that can be helpful to them.
I don't think anybody who goes to rehab unwillingly or even selling willingly is going to get much
out of it.
I know this is a controversial perspective.
One of the things that, so before COVID, just before COVID, I was working on a big book
about, bigger than the cannabis book, growing out of the cannabis book about drug legalization
and addiction in general.
The most disappointing thing that I found when I was doing this research is that when you
try to do randomized trials where you take 100 people and you say 50 of them, you're
going to go to AA, the other 50 or not, and you look at their outcomes a year or five
years later, there's no benefit to even going to AA, which I really thought worked.
The reason AA seems to work is that people who go to it and stick with it, like you say,
get something out of it.
But there are going to be a bunch of people who don't get anything out of it.
We're like, I don't need to give my volition to God.
This is a problem I'm going to fix.
I don't like the AA model, and by the way, why do I have to sit in this room three hours
a week?
For every person who gets something out of it, there's somebody who doesn't get anything
out of it.
The truth is, people stop using drugs or stop gambling when they personally realize that
it's become a crisis for them.
Sometimes though, people are motivated by other people's feedback.
Is there a point of no return, or is it, it's got to be variable for different people?
I think for some people, rehab is probably very beneficial, especially because they get
a chance to talk to someone who made it out of it.
Who was telling us about this rehab guy that came and cracked out of his mind?
I was Brian Simpson.
The guy, he was like a counselor or something like that, and then one night he just went
off the wagon and came back to work in the morning, and everyone's like, hey, are we
supposed to pretend that you're not cracked out of your mind right now?
Let me give you a laugh, but the most dangerous time for an addict is the first two weeks
after they come out of rehab, because they've stopped using their tolerances down, and if
they start again, that's when people OD and die the most.
Oh, Jesus.
It's not easy, but then the argument against legalization.
Here's the problem, and I've talked about this ad nauseam if you heard this, I'm sorry.
When I was a kid, if someone was on heroin that was fucking super rare, it was super
rare, you would know that guy's off the deep end, like Johnny's out there in the woods
doing heroin, like, whoa, like that guy's gone.
But now here, oh, my uncle got hooked on pills is super normal, right?
It's super normal, and now because of these documentaries, we know like what was the,
but we're not calling them what we should be calling them.
You're not calling.
They're not pills.
They're opioids.
Opioids used to be unprescribable in medicine.
Met doctors didn't touch those things, and if they did, they gave you like four.
The idea that Valium, for example, was something that you, you could not get a prescription
for Valium unless you were very, very rich and had a very, very lenient doctor.
But we just started prescribing opioids over the counter for a decade, ramping up their
production at the pharmaceutical purity levels and heretofore unseen, developing synthetic
versions of them that were 10 or a hundred times more powerful, all the while knowing
that this whole family of chemicals is devastating to the neurochemistry of a human or any other
mammal for that matter.
And the best that these two bright minds can do is say pills.
The best that this testosterone using psilocybin enthusiast can do is say pills.
He can't be more precise than that.
Jesus.
I don't like what was the root cause of that, but now once it's kind of been established
that this is a recreational thing for people.
So what do you do?
Do you outlaw?
And then what does that do?
That, that empowers the cartels because there's the demand already.
So, so, okay, so the roots of the opioid crisis are exactly, you know, Peter Burke, I mean,
you know, that, that, that, that series is completely correct.
It came out of Purdue Pharma, it came out of, unfortunately, some doctors, some of whom
I think thought they were doing the right thing, some of whom were motivated by money,
they pushed prescriptions of opioids in the U.S. in an absolutely insane way.
And we've now tried to push back, but we're still dealing with the fruits of that poison
tree.
And no numbers, no numbers at all.
I don't know any numbers.
I just know that they were doing that.
They made a lot of money off it.
I don't know any numbers, so numbers are hard to come by.
Wasn't that done before in other countries, to kind of ruin countries, like introduce
heroin?
Classic example, and, you know, when people talk about how the Chinese export fentanyl
to the United States, I guarantee you there are people in China who have not forgot the
opium wars.
In the 19th century, the U.S. and Britain, and this is something we should be ashamed
of forever, we basically forced opium on the Chinese.
And we, we just...
I think to say that the United States and Britain did that is disingenuous at best.
I don't think the United States was making opium.
I don't think the United States had any colonies that had opium.
So the idea that it wasn't Britain and the Netherlands, because the Brits and the Netherlands
were the only people that were making that trip and made you the Portuguese, what is
he talking about, the Brits and Americans, what kind of bullshit is this?
We destroyed that society.
Well, you and I weren't alive.
That's true.
So I don't think we should be ashamed.
But I think human beings in general have done some really fucking heinous things.
We just want to pretend that they don't do them anymore.
Oh, no, they do.
But isn't it interesting?
It's part of the pushback of all this stuff from people that have no stake in the game
other than they're a human being.
Okay, if they were big opium traders though at that time, then they were still using
the British ships.
They were still using the Portuguese ships.
They were still using somebody else's ships, because America didn't have a significant
shipping company that was taking anything somewhere to somewhere else over in China.
It's just, I don't think that's true.
Please correct me if I'm wrong.
Is that you're saying something that shatters their narrative?
They have a narrative they've established about what's good in the world, how the world,
what's the right thing to do and the direction we have to go.
And these people are looking out for us and these people are Nazis.
And when you have that and something comes along and says, hey, there might be something
afoot here.
You should pay attention.
I mean, the Dutch East Indies company, I'm sorry if I said that incorrect.
Like there's some data you should look at.
We have a long history of people lying about all kinds of things, you know, whether it's
the opium war, fucking everything throughout human history.
But for whatever it is, like now we don't, hey, that's fentanyl is cheap because it is
a chemical and chemical synthesis is not something we can't do at a huge scale.
So Mark's totally right.
That's what's so crazy about fentanyl is unlike heroin that needs to be grown and
poppies and all that sort of stuff.
If you're making a synthetic product using a synthetic process, it could potentially be,
you know, pennies on the, on the gram, even pennies on the kilogram for all I know.
So Mark's totally right.
Hey, that's not, that's, oh, this conspiracy theorist, oh, this guy, this wacky guy with
his fringe ideas, he's an alt right hero and like, oh, okay, I get it.
I get it.
I wish the world was perfect too.
I really do.
I wish there was a guy in the White House that was this amazing human being and a shining
example of what's possible from just a person, a loving person wants to take care of a nation
because they really believe in them.
But this is like, you've got me laughing.
But it's what we want.
And we never get it.
We never get it.
It's like fucking, it's, it's Charlie Brown and Lucy that football just gets yanked away
every time.
And we're like, shit.
Okay.
So they kind of get it, right?
It seems like they kind of get it, but they don't realize that the national security state
would lie to them about bioterrorism and the potential for pandemics in order to have this
illusion be complete in order to completely close the prison doors on us.
They, they, Joe knows Alex doesn't know.
Shit, I thought this was going to be the adults were in the room.
Shit.
You know?
Look, I mean, beware of the person who, you know, who tells you what to do because they
know what's best for you.
Yeah.
That's a, that's a normal thing.
Isn't that what Alex made does for a living with his books?
Isn't that what Jordan Peterson does for a living with his books?
Come on.
It's like so obviously contradictory.
That's a normal thing of human nature too.
It's a weird thing about human nature.
We're always led by someone.
That's very strange because it seems to be a part of just our programming that we have,
we've kept since we were primates in like the jungles.
Since we were primates in the, where's Brett Weinstein, the scientific advisor of Joe Rogan
correcting this guy?
What did you teach this clown?
The jungles.
Like there was always a leader.
There's like, if you ever watched that chimp nation show, an amazing show on Netflix.
These scientists were embedded in this chimpanzee group for 30 years and so the chimpanzees
had become totally comfortable with human beings as long as they were 20 yards away.
So they never moved any closer than 20 yards.
The chimp moved close to them.
They back away.
You never have food.
It's a bunch of rules about what to do and what not to do.
If you follow those rules, these chimps behave as if they're just chimps in the jungle.
So it's this incredible opportunity to watch their social hierarchies.
And it's just like people.
There's a leader.
There's always a leader.
And there's young people that are challenging the leader and the leader has to beat them
down.
And it gets to a certain point in time when the leader can't do that anymore and he has
to relinquish.
And it's all about the relationships they develop while they're leaders.
And those are the ones that can go on the longest.
That's the same thing with human being.
It's like, God damn it, it's literally our programming.
And we've surpassed it in our ability to communicate and our ability to understand the
variables and the amount of variables.
But we still are operating in this hierarchy.
And so are they going to go to the stage where this could be hijacked, hijacked by
an illusion of consensus of the hierarchy above you.
An illusion of consensus about what the hierarchy is and whether or not you're climbing it.
It's so funny to think that they're so clever when it comes to seeing the truth in chimps,
but they can't see the truth in themselves.
It's really crazy because if you watch that Champ Empire show and you think of us, like
you can, oh my God, this is what our problem is.
We always want to have a leader.
We always want to run things.
We always want to tell other people, we get power out of telling other people what to
do.
Some people just get their jollies.
Like you know that if you have a bad boss and the boss yells at all the people in the
warehouse, like fuck.
Because one's a humility and being charged.
Yes.
They beat their chest and run through the fucking trees and shake them.
It does sometimes feel like anybody who wants power should not be allowed to have it.
Yeah, right?
Like and the only people who should be president, people don't want that job.
You know, it's like John Dutton and Yellowstone, he has to become governor.
You know, it's like, it's really like fucking, it's kind of similar.
Yes.
Jesus Christ.
Me more, me more, me more, the old chimps now will not leave the stage.
Bro, not just the, I mean, all of them, all of them, these people are hanging in.
It's amazing with like, so that's not a problem.
That's not a by, by design.
That couldn't be through crime or conspiracy.
That's just because I guess we keep voting for the same old people.
I guess Mitch McConnell just wins.
I guess these people just, they just have such a following despite the fact that they
married a Chinese national connected to the largest shipping company in the world.
Nobody in Kentucky is smart enough not to vote against Mitch McConnell, right?
Do we really believe that?
I don't like hormone replacement and Adderall and whatever else they have to take.
These folks can keep going deep into their 80s except that Mitch McConnell guy.
No, no, he's, he's having some real ones.
He's just going to fall over.
He's having some real moments like that, if that in any other job.
It's funny that they said that people are using Adderall and other things to maintain
their, their, their energy levels at older age.
I have no doubt in my mind.
I have no doubt in my mind that there are times when we've seen Joe Biden on Adderall
and times when we've not seen him on Adderall, it's basically amphetamine.
So when his eyes are like this and he's really sure about stuff, he's probably got an Adderall
in him.
And when it's not, then he's not.
And he's slower and he's, you know, it's the way it is.
Wouldn't doubt it if one of these two guys at the table has a prescription for it for
their ADHD.
Other job.
Like imagine if you're a trained conductor and you just freeze up Charlie, Charlie, the
crossroads.
It's coming.
Charlie.
Charlie's just locked up like windows 98, like blue screen of that bro.
You got control.
I'll delete Charlie before this fucking train crashes, but, but you can do it if, you know,
you're a high ranking politician in the greatest country the world's ever known.
It's very strange, you know, like Diane Feinstein doesn't want to relinquish her, her throne.
But what I understand is it's also all the people that work for her too, and they all
have like a whole system.
It's probably not even her that's getting things done, but it's, it's just a giant staff.
That's right.
And if she stays in office and the giant staff keeps doing what they're doing.
Yeah, I don't even know if it's a giant staff, but a competent and that voice is just all
yeah.
Yeah.
That's the way.
That's the way it worked.
Yeah.
But none of these are a problem.
None of this would be a symptom of rather the tip of the iceberg in terms of the corruption,
lying, and cheating that's going on inside of our government being done by a group of
traders on both sides of the aisle.
These two geniuses are never going to come to that conclusion.
That would be crazy.
These two geniuses are never going to come to the conclusion that America is being being
controlled, demolished by globalist interests.
It's real bad.
Oh, yeah, it's real bad, but we can't really put a finger on exactly why it's bad.
It just seems bad.
You know, it's like bad competent staff.
Yeah.
It's not about no, their jobs depend on her as much as Hollywood, right?
Like your job depends on your relationship with the big, big guy, big woman.
Right.
Well, you know that lady's not making the big decisions at this point, at this stage.
That's when she started.
Oh, my God.
Jesus.
She was kind of pretty.
She was hot.
The thing is, man, when you get stuck, that job is like any other job.
If that's what you do, if you play football, you fucking, you're used to colliding with
people and scrambling for the ball, that's what you do.
What they do is govern.
It's like, why am I telling you, like, why are you going to tell Mick Jagger he can't
tour anymore?
That's right.
Come on, man.
He looks awesome out there.
What are you going to do?
They're fucking politicians.
What do we expect?
It's just that should be like fucking, there should be some sort.
That is wrong because politicians used to retire because people used to have other things
that they wanted to do.
People used to actually serve the country and then get a little worn out from it and
so want to retire, want to spend time with their grandchildren or their wife or at their
cabin.
And so for me, watching these old people go on is watching them fulfill the requirements
of their boss, watching them do what they're told.
That's what I see.
I don't see somebody who, Diane Feinstein's not clinging to power.
Mitch McConnell's not clinging to power.
Biden's not clinging to power.
These people are playing a role in an ongoing theater that they have been playing a role
in for decades.
And so they're still just playing the role.
You don't honestly think that there's a photograph on the night of John F. Kennedy's inauguration
of a very attractive debutante named, named, uh, uh, the hell is her name?
Now shit.
All of a sudden I got a blank.
Her Pelosi was, was like a debutante introduced to JFK at his, at his inauguration.
And in those days she was dressed about as hot as you could be dressed as a young person
meeting the president.
And now she's been a senator of California for the last 30 years and has enriched herself
beyond reason.
And that's just okay.
Yeah, it's just, the system is kind of screwed up, but they wouldn't lie to us about anything
else.
They wouldn't lie to us about everything in order to steal everything.
They wouldn't lie to us on behalf of a, a larger power, larger powers of weaponized piles
of money and, and, and they wouldn't be traitors.
That would be crazy.
There should be some sort of a cognitive test or something at some point in time.
It should be like, look, we really need, can we give you another job?
Like a second job 35 to be present and why shouldn't there be a top limit?
Why shouldn't it be 80 or something?
It's 45.
I mean, it's 45.
Not 35.
Why don't we move like the elder statesman into a different bracket and see like advisors,
have them be advisors to discuss policy.
They're your, wouldn't that be great?
Yeah.
If like the senators could go and meet with the advisors are still around, well, back
in the 2000s, there was an issue with 4G, you know, like, this, you know, I mean, there's
got to be a way to do it where you have like more vibrant people representing whatever
they're representing.
Yes.
But it's also, they don't want to relinquish power and they've got a really good grip on
it now.
It's really, if you want to run a country like within the rules and kind of dominate
it, they've done an amazing job because they've done it all within the rules.
It's like, it's pretty clever.
Yes.
It's like if when Donald Trump was talking about not paying taxes, you know, it's like
yeah, you guys set it up like that's enough to take advantage of it.
There we go.
It's like, if this is where it gets dark.
This is a good, I mean, it's a good segue into a lot of things, but it's also a good
segue into sort of COVID and pharma and those guys.
Here we go.
Because they are at going to the edge of the line, going to the gray area.
Right.
They don't, they don't necessarily lie.
Although sometimes I think when they're forced to, they will lie, but they shade the truth.
They don't really lie.
I guess if they're forced to, they'll lie, but they don't really lie.
Oh my God.
They, they run studies in a way that determines, you know, that gets the out, gets them to
the outcome they want.
They use friendly doctors to promote, you saw it with pharma with, with Purdue pharma
with the, with oxy and with the opioids, you saw this in spades and we're seeing it again
right now with the mRNA vaccine.
So these companies, they know they're very, they're very legally wise and they play games.
And they're allowed to.
And that's their job.
Right.
That's what's interesting.
Well, you would hope it's not their job.
Well, there's one guy's job and that guy's job is to invent medicine.
I mean, not one guy, one group of cures.
And then the other people, their jobs to sell it, their jobs to get it out there in
their very different kinds of thought processes I would imagine.
And that's part of the problem with like business and medicine when they're together.
It's like either we're looking out for each other or we're trying to make insane amounts
of wealth from each other.
That's right.
Both of those things are like, that's two ways of looking at the healthcare for a country.
Either we say the whole reason the system is in place is to make sure that everybody is
healthy.
And if you get injured, we can help you.
If you can do it that way, that would be wonderful.
The other way to do it is saying, we got to fucking get you on as much shit as possible
because the more stuff we sell to you, the more money we make.
And if there's a reason to recommend it, we're going to recommend it because you want to
make our reps happy, want to make the hospital happy and unfortunately that seems to be real
too.
It's very real.
So that's real too.
So that's a real possibility in today's modern age.
And I'm sure there are people that fall into the former.
I'm sure there's a, I mean, I have no doctors that are great human beings and they really
enjoy being able to help people.
Yes.
It's not.
It's just like, it's just, that's how a system works.
When a system has the opportunity to make more money by doing certain things, it's like,
it's not the scientists that are doing trying to, it's like, there's a whole system.
So with the drug companies, and I think this is true of doctors too, it's not that they,
they want people to get better.
I do believe that.
Okay.
But once you've invested a billion or two billion dollars in a drug and you've brought
it to market and it's gotten up to your approval, you're going to do what everything is protected.
And that means generally exaggerating its benefits.
And if there are problems with it, doing everything you can to hide those problems.
And that's almost like a fiscal responsibility to your shareholders.
That's right.
That's roughly crazy.
That's what's really crazy.
What's really crazy about it is that money and medicine are all combined.
And it's not saying that doctors don't deserve money or the people that develop medicines
don't deserve money.
They certainly do.
They work really hard.
What I am saying is, when you have anything that gets wrapped up in a lot of money, people
want to make more.
Yeah.
They want to make more.
Like, how do I make more?
Yes.
You know, I don't like-
What did they say that Medicare was Medicaid or Medicare was?
It was 10% of the budget, 25% of the state budgets, $360 billion, 11 years ago.
Plus the monoclonal antibody market was $150 billion.
I wonder what cancer research and cancer treatment is.
I wonder what the-
You see what we're talking about here.
We're talking about potentially trillions of dollars being made through this health care
for higher system that these guys are defending.
That's how a system works.
That's how the system works.
You know, there's good and bad parts of the system.
And when you set up a system that is capitalist, I guess, and people make money, they want
to make more money.
They're making excuses for a system that they have to know is completely in 100% gained.
That's where they make their money.
These guys are all sponsored by that system.
That's why they are so eloquently walking around the circle of this limited spectrum
of debate about health care and public health and pharmaceutical companies.
Give me a break.
You know, I don't like making X amount.
I want to make Y.
How do I get to Y?
Yep.
What do I have to do?
I'm going to sell this.
I'm going to do that.
I've got to make some unnecessary these or those and do a few things to people that maybe
they didn't need.
Yes.
And it's okay?
Maybe it benefits them.
It probably doesn't hurt them that much.
You justify it.
And then there's real things that people thought were conspiracies.
Real things like incentives and that showed up during the pandemic as well.
They got paid per case for people that had COVID and they got paid per COVID deaths and
they got the whole thing was weird.
It's like if you.
That's not weird.
You just got through explaining life a system was set up for people to make money that people
would make money.
You just got through saying that people will walk the fine line right up to the line of
ethics.
It's not weird.
If you financially incentivize the existence of a novel pathogen and you incentivize the
existence of a national security priority, then holy shit, you're going to find a lot
of people that are financially incentivized to declare a national emergency for this novel
pathogen.
That's weird, he says.
Financially incentivize the treatment of a pandemic disease that seems like I understand
that hospitals have to make money.
But isn't there a fear that you label something COVID death you get more money that people
would use that on things that weren't necessarily COVID, especially if there's no oversight.
Oh, of course.
Oh, but one more step, Joe.
One more step, Alex, imagine the possibility that if they knew that this was going to work,
they had to seed the narrative.
They had to actually create the illusion of spread by creating a few mass casualty events.
Do you think anybody would be willing to do that for say a couple trillion dollars in
profit?
Do you think anybody would be willing to do that for say, I don't know, a shift in global
power from national sovereignty to some global super national organization made up of cooperating
weaponized piles of money?
Maybe you should ask your friend Peter Thiel about that, Joe.
He can't possibly imagine he just got through explaining how the pharmaceutical companies
will do everything they can that walk right up to the line.
They might lie if they have to.
Can you imagine a scenario where this behemoth of weaponized pile of money combined with
the lust for global control of the human population might be motivated to create a few mass casualty
events and tell you that it was the spread of a novel virus and then confuse it by using
financial incentives would get people like you to think that you are unmasking a Scooby-Doo
villain by saying that.
We're right there, ladies and gentlemen, we're right at the edge of the limited spectrum
of debate curated by the intellectual dark web that is Joe Rogan, that is Eric Weinstein,
Brett Weinstein, the guy who wears the cap all the time, Shapiro and Rubin and all these
people, Tim Poole, they're all part of the same show.
And unfortunately, because Brett Weinstein and all of these pseudo dissidents have all
gone through the Rogan podcast, my only conclusion can be that they're all on the same team.
Malone, Corey, all the people that cried on this podcast early on in the pandemic about
what was done to them and what they sacrificed were part of the show and the narrative that
they pushed was part of the show.
In fact, all of them pushed the same thing, novel treatments, novel viruses, the bad response,
a contaminated shots, it's all the same shit.
And not one of them will question the pretense that maybe they lied to us about this in order
to invert our sovereignty to permissions over a couple generations.
We need to get there, ladies and gentlemen, we need to get there fast.
Of course.
They're not combing through your fucking books.
And if the worst thing that happens if they do comb through your books is you have to pay
some of it back.
All you see is that's right.
Exactly.
We just we up-coded a little bit here.
We cheated a little bit there.
We'll give you a check.
We talked about it on the podcast and people said he was making it up.
Nope.
He was not making it up.
He's saying if you got bit by a shark and you have COVID, then we call it a COVID death.
Yes.
Just like, what?
And, and this is still going on, Joe.
What's going on till 2025?
If you're, if you're a family member and you're, and you can get a family member who died
to be classified as a COVID death, as long as you talk about them paying for funeral costs,
you're not talking about the fact that they got people on the conveyor belt of death by
giving them supplementary oxygen in 2020.
As long as you're talking about paying for funeral costs, even till 2025, you're not talking
about the 500,000, maybe six or 700,000 people that were murdered in the United States
by a combination of causes that includes opioids that they were just talking about as pills.
This is the definition of the limited spectrum of debate.
It is exactly how we are being beaten by this fifth generation warfare, which is equivalent
to winning and unwitting participants in an illusion of consensus about a lie.
The COVID death, you get up to $9,000 for their funeral expenses.
You submit it to FEMA, they cut your check.
And so, of course, those families want, oh, you know, they want $9,000.
Who wouldn't?
I mean, yeah, it's free $9,000, your loved one's already gone.
Yes.
The thing is just so slippery because, yeah, if everything was perfect, you would say
maybe it would be good to help these people with a funeral.
Maybe it would be good if you get on a call.
But why is COVID different than anything else?
Good question.
Why do you get $9,000 for COVID and nothing else?
Right.
What do you think would it be like if people started promoting that for obese folks?
If you're obese and you die, it would give you...
It would bankrupt the federal government.
Somehow as obese, you know, like, you just like...
People respond to incentives when there's money, companies respond to...
Unfortunately, right?
Unfortunately, everybody.
Yeah, I mean, I guess, unfortunately, I mean...
It would not bankrupt the federal government.
The federal government has been bankrupt for quite some time.
I mean, even that's just a stupid statement.
Wow, is that stupid?
I think somebody like Ed Griffin would just roll his eyes right out of his head if he
heard that.
That if we paid for the funeral of fat people, it would bankrupt the government.
As if the government isn't already bankrupt.
Holy cow, that's hilarious.
Yes, unfortunately.
I mean, look, it's why we have this, you know, all these great things in this country too.
Yeah.
I will give you...
So an ophthalmologist called me a few weeks ago.
There's a drug and the drug works, okay?
It's good for people if something called wet macular degeneration, okay?
It's something that older people get and it can blind you.
Listen to this story.
There's a couple of drugs that actually work for it.
They block the flow of...
They block blood vessel formation at the back of the eye.
They help you.
So these are administered ophthalmologists and minister them in their offices.
So a drug like that, the ophthalmologist actually buys and charges Medicare or the private insurer
for.
Okay, what's happening, and I saw this with a different drug when I worked in the New
York Times 15 years ago, so nothing ever changes.
These companies all play the same game.
He worked for the New York Times, noted the same game, is that the companies that make
this drug are giving doctors a rebate on the purchase price and the more you use, the
bigger the rebate.
And this is a drug that costs thousands of dollars per person per year, okay?
It's dose multiple times a year for a lot of these people.
So what all this adds up to is if you're an ophthalmologist who's using a lot of this,
the company is cutting you a check for five or sometimes six figures, sometimes multiple
times a year, okay?
Don't tell me that's not a bribe, okay, because that's a bribe.
It may be legal.
They may have found a way to do this.
And so what he's telling you is just an example that happens at ophthalmologists, places where
nobody cares, you know, only rich people go to the ophthalmologist, like you got to
have good insurance for that anyway, right?
So he tells you this story about corruption and this really, you know, weird, isolated
setting when it's, it's systemic.
That's how the entire system works.
Hospitals are bribed, doctors are bribed, nurses are coerced, hospital administrators
coerce their employees through newsletters and emails that say the new standard operating
procedure for this is that.
And so they're not really telling you what's wrong.
They're not really raising the alarm.
They're basically just telling you what they see out the window so that you stay asleep.
Don't open your eyes.
I'll tell you what's out there.
Don't bother looking outside.
It's boring.
It's just the farmland going by.
There's nothing you can do to change where this train is going.
Go back to sleep.
And he showed me, he showed me the, the, the check that his company or that his ophthalmology
practice had received and it was huge.
Okay.
And by the way, these doctors make a lot of money on their own just doing the procedure.
They don't need this, but the, but it's a way for the drug company to get them to use
this more.
This is corruption all over our medical system.
This episode is brought to you by better help.
Take a minute to check your social battery.
Maybe the brief, here's this body.
Just, and how, how does that get resolved?
Is there a way at this point or is it the system itself?
Alex, save America.
Tell us how to do it.
Self.
Is it just a function of that's how human beings behave when they have, you know, enough regulation
where they can get away with some stuff and they just want to make more and more money
and it just becomes, that's what they're trying to do.
I mean, I don't know, I mean, it's just human beings.
I mean, if you're that ophthalmologist in Florida, do you need another Ferrari?
But maybe you don't think that way.
You don't think that way.
You just think I can get it.
Right.
And I'm in this system and the system is fucked already.
That's right.
And I'm using this drug because I know it works and it's good for patients.
The problem is do you need another Ferrari is already disingenuous.
The guy's not buying more Ferraris with that money.
He's putting it in the bank.
He's buying properties.
He's investing, you know, like, come on.
That's already stupid because he's already being misleading when he says that rich people
don't buy Ferraris anymore, especially if they have one already.
What a stupid statement that is it gets people to ask the wrong question over and over again.
That's all these guys do.
The problem is you're then you're then having incentives to ignore the problem if there
is one later.
And so in this case, the guy actually said to me, he's like, this is a good drug.
It does work.
He said, but sometimes if we dose it too many times, we can get there can be sort of
a paradoxical effect where it stops working.
If you're one of those doctors who's on the tit and getting that check every quarter or
every six months or, you know, however frequently you get it, you're going to.
It's going to be harder for you to see the problem.
I wonder if vaccines fall into that category.
Do doctors get paid for vaccines?
I wonder if hospitals get paid for vaccines.
I wonder if if CVS in them got paid for vaccines.
Oh my gosh, there's all this incentive and they make all this money, but they want you
to be mad about the money so that you accept the biology.
That's why I'm getting so upset because they're not talking about the contradictory immunomethology
that underlies a lot of this stuff.
They're not talking about the fact that a lot of these drugs don't even work.
They're just muscled onto people, coerced onto people that are so unhealthy.
They just think, well, maybe I need another pill.
So they're not really telling the truth here at all.
Because all of a sudden you have a financial incentive not to see it rise.
I don't know what we do about any of this.
I don't know what we do about it.
Except talk about it and make sure people know.
Talk about it, make sure people know.
Because you're not talking about the real problem in a genuine way, discussing real
solutions and you're actually not helping anybody and that's the definition of the limited
spectrum of debate that reinforces the presuppositions of the state.
Thank you, Noam Chomsky.
You need senators that call this stuff out and we need people that run these companies
to be just to have their ethical boundaries because they make great stuff.
The thing about pharmaceutical drug companies is I would never say we don't need them.
That's crazy.
I mean people, they've helped.
You know how many drugs the pharmaceutical companies use that we currently demonize because
of this thing, this for-profit aspect of it.
But how many of them have brought drugs to the market that have fixed all sorts of problems
that people have been suffering for forever?
Wow.
Let's start naming them.
Let's start naming them, Joe.
It must be an endless list, I bet you can name at least 10 right off the top of your
head.
Yeah.
They just can't go ham, you can't go crazy and force people to take your stuff.
Like, that's a bad relationship.
Besides antibiotics, give me one.
Like insulin maybe?
I mean, what is he talking about?
Holy shit.
Countless things have been cured by the- Wow.
I mean, just absolutely wow.
Just absolutely wow.
The smart way to keep people passive and obedient is to strictly limit the spectrum
of acceptable opinion but allow a very lively debate within that spectrum, even encourage
the more critical and dissonant views.
You know like these two stoners.
Sorry, I don't think Alex Berenson smokes.
That gives people the sense that there is a free thinking going on while all the time
the presuppositions of the systems are being reinforced by the limits put on the range
of the debate.
What's the limits here?
Well, as pharmaceutical companies are obviously great, they've saved countless lives.
Just amaze balls.
I can't believe it.
A good relationship is a consumer and a provider.
And the provider develops these drugs that are very beneficial to people and most of
them are.
A lot of them are.
Right?
Some of them are.
But they do have drugs that they've developed that are really beneficial for people.
They really do.
They're real.
Really?
They are really.
We can't really throw out the bait with the bat.
Really?
I just think that the problem is also the process, right?
Because to bring a drug to market costs so much fucking money.
Oh, it's so expensive.
It's so prohibitive for most guys.
If you were like.
It's unreal.
The FDA is so stringent and the kinds of things that are required for an EUA are so in depth.
Oh, my gosh.
If you were like some pharmacologist or some biologist and you guys were working together
and you developed something, you had this idea about a pathway and you figured out something
and maybe this could fix it and you really figured it out.
Sure.
Good fucking luck.
Right.
Getting that thing approved.
Well, what?
I mean, one of the great disappointments for me in the last 10 years is realizing that
if you had to choose between a sewer system and a medical system, you'd choose a sewer
system.
Like in other words, I know it's more efficient.
What what actually helps human health more?
Oh, is he about to say that vaccines didn't do anything and then it was sewer systems
and water treatment?
Come on, right?
He can't possibly say that.
He would get canceled.
The great gains for human longevity in the last 200 years have been really simple things.
Clean water.
Try to get the air clean.
Don't bury you know, don't have like meat packing plants in the middle of cities.
Don't bear, don't have giant graveyards in the middle of cities.
Like that stuff.
He seemed, excuse me, have you read dissolving illusions?
I have not.
It's a fantastic book about just that and the beginning of it is they talk about the
conditions that people lived in because you never really think about it.
Like, what would it be like to live in a city before there were cars?
Well guess what?
Why wouldn't Alex have read this book because this book is anti-vaccine?
Is Joe actually going to say it or not?
Of course he's not going to say it.
Of course he's not.
At least he said the book.
Susan Humphreys is a pretty decent, pretty decent doctor, everything that I've talked
to Susan Humphreys about.
She's seemed pretty spot on.
This Roman guy and I actually had some DMs on Twitter.
I might be able to get him on the podcast if you guys are interested.
I've only read about half of that book and then at some point I broke off of it and I
don't remember why it wasn't because it was bad, it was because I started reading something
else.
I'm very bad like that but when you're buying more books than you can ever read then that's
tends to be what happened.
I'm free to admit I have more books than I could have possibly read during this pandemic
and given all the stupid papers we had to read.
Well guess what?
But nothing gets to you.
That's right.
You're not getting fresh vegetables in the winter.
You're not getting vitamins.
That's right.
There's massive malnutrition, starvation, extreme poverty.
In the Netherlands you can get fresh vegetables all year long because of their gigantic greenhouses
and their supply of wonderful greenhouse grown organic vegetables.
I don't know how good they are from trace minerals and that kind of thing but in theory
you can get it all year long there.
Extreme poverty.
People living in Squall are terrible sanitation.
I mean open outhouses for entire blocks of people and just crazy diseases and they all
live on top of each other and again malnutrition, no vitamin D, no sunlight exposure in the
winter etc etc and a lot of those people get horrible diseases because of that just like
they did in the olden times we know about when people dump shit in the streets.
So that came.
The first few decades of the Industrial Revolution were terrible for human health.
People got crammed together and they got sicker and then in about 1850 they started to figure
this stuff out for a hundred years like we did great okay but it wasn't really medicine.
It was really more basic than that and so the last 50, 60, 70 years we've spent more
and more and more money on medicine trying to like continue that growth in life expectancy
and it turns out like there are limits to it.
So life expectancy here is very different than eliminating disease or not disease from
the population.
So it's a very interesting angle they took.
I think they actually stumbled in a place that they didn't want to go and now they need
to stumble their way back out without touching the wrong switches because if they turn on
the wrong lights while they're in this room it will be obvious that wait are you saying
that simple things rather than vaccines are what got us to where we are because the public
health apparatus told us that the reason why we got rid of all this stuff that I mean remember
that Vincent Rancid Yello showed us two days ago at the beginning of his 2024 virology
lecture that the rise in life expectancy in the western world was directly correlated
with vaccines.
He told us that without a smile on his face without irony and now this guy is saying
something that's more akin to what we've said in books and things where sanitation
clean water et cetera what Doug did this we're not going to talk about DDT or any other
form of insecticide that was being used that might have caused people to have what appeared
to be a new disease we're not going to talk about any of that and we haven't mentioned
vaccines yet which is very very interesting he's talking about longevity not disease another
transhuman subject of course there are limits to it there are just limits and we seem to
be reaching them and the problem is in the US anyway we're now spending so much money
and having yeah Bert there's been out in my ear Bert money and having so many unnecessary
medical procedures of marginal value I'm not even talking about the cost I'm talking
about like value to people that we've we seem to have topped out and and and this is like
a really depressing thing to realize that that ultimately like once people get to be
about 80 there's just not that much you can do for them unless you're Vince McMahon
you've seen what he looks like no he's 78 years old looking back he goes to Jim at
three o'clock in the morning sleeps two hours a night let me you know so there's that canary
in the coal mine that's right I'd see many yeah yeah and he probably doesn't use anything
right he doesn't take any testosterone and doesn't do any of those things right Joe it's
just naturally just gets up at three in the morning works out because he's motivated
none of these people are just working out Joe Rogan is not just working out okay I'm what
it looks like when you don't work out and if I started to work out I could never look
like him unless I took some kind of testosterone testosterone supplement because I'm 52 years
old because I don't have enough time to live six days a week and because that's not my
physical structure but somehow people like Sam Harris also have muscles now people like
Huberman you know they all have muscles now not that I got anything wrong with guys with
muscles I could dunk over over Joe Rogan here he's a tiny man that's part of the reason
why their muscles look so big because they're tiny men with short little arms if I wanted
to look like that I would have to be as big as LeBron James I mean that's the joke of
this here that this illusion on the internet includes tiny people looking and creating
the illusion that they are bigger than they are because they're on camera when in reality
they're tiny little people and I'm sorry but there was a song about short people and the
reason why there's a song about short people is because they are very vulnerable egos
it's hard to walk around the world and not be able to see it a concert it's hard to walk
around the world and not be able to ride all the rides I get it but it creates a certain
kind of person I don't want to be a jack but it's true because I'm six six and I know
what it's like I know how you guys act I know the problems that you have I know the jokes
that you make when I'm at a concert there's a group there's nobody behind me when we go
to a concert people meet at Jay look for the Cubs hat so I get it I know how these smart
people think I know why it's so easy for them to get caught in these ego traps to get caught
in looking in the mirror look at how short he looked when he took a picture with Robert
F. Kennedy Jr. I tower over a RFK. RFK couldn't guard me I don't care how buffed up he is
that's the truth of it here we're dealing with egos that have been given comfort and fame
and they are not willing to relinquish it because they are no they are already climbing the ladder
of this elite group of people that understands that there's a lot of useless eaters on the planet
and they're all about not being a part of that group and Alex Berenson is just as in as this guy
they get to go to all the conferences and at the and the after conference meetings
they get invited to those parties where people sit around and talk about it outside
next to the pool or or next to the gigantic fire
about how we are doing the bright thing for humanity about we are working against those people
over there or that group over there and all those other people out there are completely oblivious
to what's really going on it's cool to be a part of this group isn't it Joe
yeah well that's only four years from now yeah but the reality is you're right it's a you know
it just but it's also there's a lot of complicated factors in being healthy and they don't all
involve medicine no and it's not just said there is joking no no that's legit I think he was 76
or the 74 that's those four years ago that's ridiculous modern science right there baby modern
science it's not modern science we could give testosterone to people already 20 years ago it's
not modern science we knew that if you ate a lot of protein while you're with it's just silly talk
it's transhumanism disguised that's what it is you don't have a good life you're not healthy
look at these people you don't have any wealth look at these people this is not success this is
this is irreverence this is abomination everything on this show is a lie and an abomination
it has no reverence for the sacred no reverence for the irreducible complexity of biology
no sense of of of humbleness that needs to be passed on from generation to generation
about taking care of our genetics and taking care of our health in the right way
this is just full-on tweak party here baby look at that look at them
jacked 76 78 year old man it's just jacked if you have a six 11 son i feel sorry for him because
he probably can't buy shoes at a store he probably can't buy jeans at a store i can still get jeans
at a store sometimes because i wear 34 36 it's like the the largest skinny size that anybody
makes in a store if you're lucky you can get a 34 34 but 34 36 is pretty tough to come by
but anything outside of that range you're done so six 11 it's just plain old
that six 11's a great great height for for basketball nowadays i mean man oh man oh oh
shit something happened here there's ink all over maybe i shook my hand did anybody see shake
my hand i sprayed ink all over the all over my mouse here somehow how the hell did that happen
sorry i'm gonna hit play act
the train kept rolling with him yeah man it's uh there's a lot going on with with people's health
and um the the the reality is we we rightly should attribute a lot of into medicine it's great they
did a lot of great stuff but also there's a lot of other factors and the the factor with like
plagues is like the sanitation systems that we had in this country at the beginning of the 19th
century they were horrible horrible horrible yes horrible cholera i mean it was real tightness yeah
terrible disease that's all gangs in New York people forget you think in New York do you think
you're like fifth avenue like what an amazing place to visit it's the fact that it was horrific
little johnny came home with a cold and the next day was dead yeah horrific yeah wasn't it uh
i left him right you know one one thing that people dying left and right isn't that when they
were piling horseshit in the street or something isn't that what sash a lot of pova said i don't
know i just find this all a bit disingenuous and funny and that's why i wanted to watch it i think
it's really uh it's cool to see what the alternative people are listening to and to then imagine how
they feel some kind of uh reward see i was right i knew it i knew it i knew they were lying about
this stuff i knew the system was corrupt i knew it was just a bunch of people making a lot of money
lying about a lab leak i also found out that was fascinating was uh about the spanish flu
you know the spanish flu killed so many people right it killed a shit-time people but they they
said that what it killed people from is not actually the flu itself but the side disease
it's it come with it and that you could have cured those within their arms back to your pneumonia
yep that's true bacterial pneumonia what was the other one there was another one i think
meningitis um that may be that may be was it that um but they said they they could have cured those
with uh antibiotics so if that happened to it like because the fear was always that the spanish
flu happened today but because medical science has progressed if that's the same flu came around
today they would actually be able to that's what they would say mortality would probably be much
no if there's a bad flu or bad you know another coronavirus believe i can just about guarantee
you that will come out of a lab just like this one did this is a conspiracy theory and this is
getting you kicked off youtube it's not a conspiracy theory to say it used to be out of a lab isn't
it funny that it used to be yes used to be racist to say it used to be something wrong with you
they did an amazing job of gaslighting people i didn't say it was made in a lab i said it came
out of a lab yes and it did okay yeah so well it seems like the people in the lab were patients
zero right yeah they were they were fucking around with the coronavirus they were trying to make it
more dangerous or trying to make and of course you're aware that he's recently put out a very
viral tweet that shows some kind of video he found where Tony Fauci and Ralph Barrick are agreeing
that they need to that they need to um where is this ink coming from it's starting to piss me off
um that they need to
i mean it's it's absolutely a joke to me that this is where we are because again we could have been
here already in in 2020 if we wanted to be because that's where i was in 2020 i was already
talking about how this has to be a lab leak in 2020 and nobody wanted to listen to that then
they wanted to wait they wanted to wait a few years so that everybody would get on board with
the argument so that the scooby-doo mystery could congeal and set
and so that controlled opposition like Alex Berenson could lead the way and pretend that he was
leading everybody out of the cave and obviously this one's from a lab oh you're gonna get kicked
off of youtube haha it's all a big show and these guys wittingly or unwittingly are involved in
the show they are taking money from the people above them they are being promoted by the people
above them they can't possibly believe that by just sheer hard work and persistence they are
as successful as they are especially this guy i mean this guy
don't even bother to buy his books they're terrible they they are as hard to read as he is to listen
to so we're trying to make a vaccine a pan coronavirus vaccine and they didn't they you know
somebody slipped or somebody accidentally injected a ferret when they were supposed to
inject a mouse and it all started there most likely yes most likely yeah look at his smile
they when they were supposed to inject a mouse they injected a ferret what kind of stupid shit is
this other than obfuscation of the truth which is that RNA can't pandemic this is to get you to
think that obviously RNA can pandemic obviously there are pandemics and this one just where did
it come from pharmaceutical companies are obviously good pharmaceutical companies are
obviously good
i mean it obviously came from a laboratory i'm not saying was made in a lab i'm saying it came
from a lab obviously it came from a lab they were messing around and they put it in a mouse when
they were supposed to put it in a ferret they've been trying to mess around with coronaviruses forever
he just put up a video showing Ralph Barrick and Tony Fauci agreeing that this was a great idea back
in 2014 so obviously this was a gain of function weapon or a lab leak that they covered up obviously
no ladies and gentlemen it's a bit more complicated than that actually this is a mythology
about RNA viruses a mythology about vaccines that protect you from them by giving you
seroprevalence antibodies in circulation that protect you from the polio virus didn't you just
see Mark's presentation today where he's reading an article where they were already
selling this very illusion already way back when salt was still alive
that it was antibodies and seroprevalence not a correlate of immunity these are the little guys
the little soldiers this lie and their commitment to it has existed for more than 25 years
it is a sobering realization that every American needs to come to
and i don't care how or what door you come in i need everyone to start pushing this this is
the illusion right here vaccines give you antibodies antibodies protect you from disease
that is the lie that's the commitment that they have Vincent Rancin yellow paul off at
Brett Weinstein Joe Rogan Alex Berenson all in the same
they will not question this they will not question this immunomethology at all
even as they talk about how it wasn't vaccines but it was sewage and water treatment that
actually brought the light longevity of the average American higher and higher until it
asymptoped at 80 years old they're not going to question the infectious cycle of a virus ever
Kevin McCurnan will be on Joe Rogan and make sure that they never question the infectious cycle
that they never talk about infectious clones as being the only way that virology even works
in a laboratory they're not going to question this cartoon at all very soon they will have
Kevin McCurnan on Joe Rogan to discuss this and he will say all kinds of stuff about pot genetics
and virions in pot and and it will be double stranded DNA all the way
and he will work continuously until I'm gone to obfuscate the differences between the cartoons
of infectious cycles and why we should be dubious when we see that some viruses need enzymes others don't
some viruses make copies of everything that they need in our own cells others don't
some make sub genomic copies of RNAs and research with others don't
and all of these cartoons are taken for granted as high fidelity illustrations describing a
high fidelity understanding that simply doesn't exist and is an illusion about a hijacking virus
that steals your cells and makes them do something they don't already do that's a lie
that can't be possible an RNA does not copy at high fidelity we know this already
and we've used this elude this this illustration of a of a mixtape where where you lose fidelity
every time you make a copy of it RNA is not any any different there are no high fidelity ways
to copy RNA even if you believe Mark Denison and the exon gene is a proofreading sub sub unit
of the RNA dependent RNA polymerase even if you believe the one paper or the two papers that claims
that you shouldn't believe Kevin McCurnan for citing those papers and in fact it took him two
discussions with me about about clones before he cited that paper and then I was still able to
overrule him and say that well yeah but in that same paper Mark Denison says that that means that
there's also a lot of recombination and that recombination would also result in edited genomes
incomplete genomes in competent genomes which already in 2020 21 rather uh Robert Malone told
us that the vast majority of these particles are not incompetent particles anyway and so the
reality is is that when they find these RNAs in the wild they cannot grow them in culture
it doesn't work and so they make a DNA sequence of it they take that DNA
the CD version and they make a copy of it in the form of plasmids they put that inside of
bacterial cultures those bacteria replicate that DNA once you have a lot of that DNA you can get
rid of the bacteria and you can combine it with RNA polymerase and now you have manufactured RNA
by process two process one being polymerase chain reaction process two being recombinant DNA
replication in bacteria culture process two used to make the billions of shots now they're complaining
about double stranded DNA being a contaminant but in reality it's also endotoxin and in reality
it's also the fact that transfection in its purest form would have been devastating to healthy humans
and that's why they're getting the results they do they can use these clones to pass it on
laboratories to store it in freezers to make more of it and industrial quantities and that means
that you could use infectious RNA clones to seed the molecular biology of a pandemic knowing full
well that RNA doesn't go around the world by itself and infectious clones can be made in
industrial quantities if you wanted to so that you could seed all of the sewers around the world
and you could sequence PCR and you would get the sequences that you wanted to get
basically it's in a magic trip an elaborate magic trick that we have been set up in this paper
from 2019 shows very clearly the magic trick because by using non PCR requiring sequencing
reactions by looking at this stuff using nanopore sequencing they found exactly the same subgenomic
RNA distribution that they found in previous papers using gels what that means is is that
RNAs don't make a lot of high fidelity copies of themselves almost none and so the infectious
cycle that they show us in cartoons is completely in 100% wrong and likely Robert Malone slipped
up early in 2021 and told that blonde girl in the UK the naturopath the thing that he wasn't
supposed to say which is the infectious cycle is an illusion an illusion that we already knew
from decades ago was true little tiny little tiny band of RNA right there that's it just a
little tiny band the big bands are all subgenomic RNAs and so the viral swarm may even be an illusion
of sorts the viral swarm is a discussion we don't have to have if the vast majority of these particles
have very subgenomic RNAs and it's only when we sequence them as a group do we get a consensus
genome that we call an RNA coronavirus but the consensus genome is actually built up artificially
using the kind of techniques that were pioneered by Nathan Wolf to pull something out of a noisy
background it's not even a noisy background it's just noise and that's why they want to make diffuse
real again why they keep trying to make it real again and they've even got jickey leeks
saying stuff about the diffuse proposal as being real has opposed to be an elaborate hoax
because of course it's an elaborate hoax they didn't ever expect to have to do it
and if they did it was because they knew they were going to do the scooby-doo mystery thing
they were going to pretend that this was an ongoing solving thing we need to make RNA clones
real again ladies and gentlemen we need everybody to understand that that's really where
virology starts so a trackable gain of function RNA went endemic is a lie
and of course transfection worked but it's but it but it is it is contaminated is a lie
and of course that's why we talk about transfection all academic biologists should have
already known it's been used for decades on the lab bench even in the purest form it would have
been inappropriate for healthy humans because it causes an autoimmune reaction because it's
chemically altered and codon optimized means we don't know how long it will last or whether
it will contribute to any malformated proteins or even misfolding proteins which can have all kinds
of consequences that don't have anything to do with them causing other proteins to
misfold in a pre and eugenics sort of way the use of RNA producer the common methods we just
talked about was also a problem the RNA was already impure because uh because Kevin McCurtain came
on my show to say that already in 2022 the endotoxins could have been known DNA of contamination is
just another thing and the nanoparticle carriers are also dangerous and they've known this from
the beginning and no one's talking about it that could be the mitochondrial damage that could be
the DNA damage that could be any number of things that they are trying to misconstrue as being due
to the adulteration etc and so again the spread of bad ideas is much scarier and dangerous than
the spread of any RNA molecule I only have a few more minutes how spike protein was a pre and I
was a pre-on or something like that is something that some people were selling very early and now
some people are doubling down on as the worst case scenario if you're not familiar pre-ons
are these proteins that can apparently fold incorrectly and then cause other proteins to fold
incorrectly but somehow google fold the the the animation in the background doesn't seem to know
how this process would work and even though we understand that the structure of a the tertiary
structure of a protein is largely dependent on its sequence somehow or another the sequence of
protein of pre-ons can cause other proteins to fold differently or something I don't know
or it's just the pre-on protein that gets caused to fold differently these kinds of of
intellectual conversations are becoming even more and more vapid because people are starting to talk
about how amyloid protein can also cause the formation of more amyloid because amyloid causes
more amyloid or something like this without any molecular basis in reality other than there's more
protein in certain stages of a given pathology so we are we are digging very deep before we start
these mini courses because we're not going to make any any big mistakes when we do this we're going
to be pretty certain we know what we're talking about so that we can really end this charade
once and for all and that means we're going to have to go all the way back to the Nobel Prize
in medicine we're going to have to look at several reviews and we're going to have to look at Stanley
Prusner's original papers which we will do tomorrow they've changed the way you think about
the background they've changed the way you think about the background they've changed the way you
think about the background and led you to believe that before 2020 there wasn't a background they've
led you to believe very differently about the immune system and focused on antibodies for nearly
30 years they've led you to believe so much that that antibodies are important that they can't even
adequately describe how they are created and in fact that they are a process that is that is
involving linked recognition they don't even have that in their in their vocabulary none of these
people want to talk about how they've changed the way we think about vaccination to mean basically
anything that's intramuscularly injected in the context of a disease we need to fight back against
this mythology because they have been doing this for decades they set us up we were set up over
decades and these people are participating and if we don't expose it as a lie it will become the
truth that is for absolute certain that's what a lot of these people are still involved with
they don't want to get bit someone else was going to do it if they didn't do it that's their excuse
and that's why this illusion of consensus about a worst-case scenario is going to continue
ladies and gentlemen you can watch the rest of that on your own if you'd like
um uh please stop transfection in humans because they are trying to eliminate the control group
by any means necessary i'm gonna go to basketball and do some exercise i'm trying to think of a way
to use it i might even do some kind of i don't know basketball listening but i could listen to
that that podcast and shoot around and comment from the basketball court i don't know if that's
a really good idea or not but um intramuscular injection in any combination of substances with
the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb transfection and healthy humans is criminally
negligent and RNA cannot pandemic thank you very much for everybody that's subscribed has shared
has has promoted my work in any way um and or just comes here every day because it helps you um
thank you very much for sharing this space and time with me and i hope i see you again tomorrow
shout out to you mark his tonic mark coolac was just pumping out um the the rockin uh spontaneous
streams that are just nail it um pay attention you're not going to see anybody talking about
supplementary oxygen in the next couple weeks because they all know that this is the break um
so watch it carefully when you don't see it you'll know why um we're gonna push it so hard over the
next couple weeks it's going to hurt them um this has been a presentation of the independent
bright web and it is brought to you by viewers like you thank you very very much my family
and i appreciate it tremendously
the board man always gets paid i like that i always tell him defense wins ball games
defense wins ball games baby